you're gonna want to grow out a mullet
put on a jacket and go hunt down the bad
guys after watching this episode of the
gear guide well guys if you're a fan to
the anime ghosts in the show you're
gonna know exactly what this is this is
Tobi's pistol the character from the
anime it's the Metabo 2007 so as science
fictiony as this looks it's actually
based on a real pistol you made by a
company called motiva and it's actually
from Italy and there are a couple
different variations this one's based on
the M 2006 there's really no m 2007 out
there and the grandfather of all these
was the unica 6 now then what makes them
all unique are a couple things and this
is the real steel version one is the
barrel is here at the bottom now what
that does is it keeps your hand your
grip closer to the line of the bore so
what that does is it reduces the felt
muzzle flip and let you get little more
accurate on your shots the other thing
which is with the real one unfortunately
isn't with this one is that that was an
auto revolver now what that means is
unlike a standard revolver where you
pull the trigger and the hammer cocks
back and then fires or you do what I
just did there cock it back manually and
fire each time so double and single
action this actually uses the extra
energy from firing the shells into
cocking the hammer back each time so it
becomes a semi-automatic revolver which
was very unique it's one of those super
neat features that you're not gonna find
in any other pistol out there in the
world and making the real version of
this extremely rare but let's talk about
this airsoft one so there are three
versions of this pistol they all vary in
price point just a little bit one has a
plastic grip here and it comes with the
pistol and another version has the
wooden grip like you see here and it's
just the pistol and the third version
which is I'm looking at also includes a
holster now it's not a leather holster
although it really looks like it is in
fact it almost feels like it is with
this basket weave kind of look to it but
it is a very good replica even though it
is synthetic
it's a little tight out of the box but
no worry if you leave the pistol in the
holster for just a couple days it
stretches out and fits perfectly now
this holster is also left-handed setup
and you're gonna go well great why would
I want a left-handed pistol when most of
the population no offense to lefties out
there is right-handed well in the
animate
actually where's it on the back his
lower back and inverted so he has it
like this so he can draw it with his
right hand and present the pistol so to
be faithful to the anime they did the
holster in the same way of course has
large belt loops that can fit on just
about any belt they're about an inch and
a half or almost an inch and 3/4 in size
and a snap here to keep it in place and
then the final finishing touch is the
even says Matea m mm on the snap and
togusa impressed on there too so they
really went to every single detail to
make this a faithful and unique kind of
all little cool features to the anime
the pistol itself the frame and most of
the parts with the exception of the
trigger and part of the cylinder section
here and the hammer is made of plastic
although you would never know that I
mean the sights in the front the back
are metal and they're adjustable for
elevation and windage with a flat head
screwdriver and a little muzzle brake
here is metal now of course the barrel
inside is brass as well but the rest of
the frame although it looks like metal
and it feels like metal is actually
plastic which I was really impressed the
grip itself is made of real wood in this
version of course you want to save a few
bucks you can get the plastic version
and it just like the real one you hit
the little lever here on the side to
open the cylinder and the cylinder flips
up it actually doesn't flip out like you
would find on a normal revolver it
actually flips up like on the matteo
revolver inside you're gonna find
marushin Zechs card or cartridge system
and then of course you can actually pull
each cartridge out you'll load each one
with a single BB you'll load them back
in just like a real revolver close it up
and you're good to go you do have to gas
it up in the bottom it takes green gas
or hfc-134a notice the nozzle is a
little deep and it's a little hard to
get a good fill out of some of the green
gas cans from the newer green gas cans
are coming out here are gonna have a
little longer nozzles or you might need
an adapter but I'll tell you this
because it is so long and this is real
wood there's a little screw right here
you can just back that screw out take
the whole grip off and then fill it no
problem it's not that big of a deal
because you can get actually quite a few
shots out of a single grip fill because
of the reservoir fills up this entire
grip and with only six shots you can
probably go through about 18 or maybe
even 24 shots before having to refill
actions like I described earlier you can
either pull the trigger and it fires
it's a really stiff trigger pull really
kind of odd to pull back or if you want
to find
your pull pull the hammer back and then
fire away and you're good to go
you can also decock it if you want to
put in a little bit more of a safe mode
but unfortunately there is no safety on
this outside you're gonna find them at a
betrayed marks on the side and it's
really smooth matte buy finish like I
said to the wood is a good quality it's
nice the finish is good I'll tell you
overall they did a really good job
creating a replica of the anime and the
real version of the Matea take this
thing after the chrono you're gonna see
what you normally see from a Japanese
made pistol because they obviously have
lower FPS requirements and they're not
really building these pistols for
outside of that market and of course
like I said you get about 24 25 27 shots
before having to refill so it is
actually pretty efficient on gas even
though the lower FPS accuracy is also
pretty good I do have me trouble hitting
targets you know normal pistol
engagement ranges thanks to the hop-up
and that's one of the issues I saw
before with the adjustable hop-up versus
non adjustable in some of the other
immersion pistols having the adjustable
hop-up does let you fine-tune it and
you're not stuck with just a single way
BB which is typically a point 2 gram BB
so bottom line if you guys are a
collector if you are an anime fan
especially a fan of ghost in the shell'
and of course this kind of looks like
some of the pistols based on try gun and
some of the other enemies out there or
if you guys watch the movie gamer they
actually use them a table pistol in that
as well you guys really should pick up
one of these as for skirmish ability I
really think this is a collector's piece
because of the lower FPS because of the
shell loading and all that it is super
cool but this isn't something that's
going to give you a lot of skirmish
ability out on the field but for
something if you want to go to let's say
an anime convention you're big into the
cosplay or you just want something cool
to hang on the wall or put in a case
this is the pistol for you so like I
said there are three different versions
they range from about 115 ish dollars
all the way up to about one hundred
ninety five dollars a US and you can
pick them all up on RedWolf airsoft
website so guys what do you think of
this pistol or better yet what do you
think of collectors pistols like this
they're based on anime but they're also
functional do you think this is
something super neat and unique you guys
would want to add your collection
alright do you think it's just kind of
an extra frilly thing that only serves
just a few people in the market let me
know in the
section below well guys that's it for
this episode of the gear guide I'll be
back in the next episode where I review
a stick figure pistol to shoot bb's at
700 feet per second